Cell modifier (#1380)
neams-th-coe/cardinal: doc/content/source/actions/AddModelModifiersAction.md

> # AddModelModifiersAction

Reviewer: Not sure the practice/precedent, but this seems like it makes more sense to be `ModelModifierBase`

Author: do you mean not have the action class, or that the text here belongs in the documentation for `ModelModifierBase`?

Reviewer: reviewing other examples more carefully. I'll make my comment in the `OpenMCCellMaterialFill` instead

## Overview

The `AddModelModifiersAction` allows you to modify an OpenMC model prior to running
a simulation with Cardinal. Examples of modifications that can be made includes:

> - [OpenMCCellMaterialFill](OpenMCCellMaterialFill.md), to change a cell's material fill

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [OpenMCCellMaterialFill](OpenMCCellMaterialFill.md), to change an `openmc.Cell`'s fill to an `openmc.Material` or a list of `openmc.Material`s (referred to as a `distribmat`)
```

Author: I'd prefer some wording in-between the two suggestions, since the user doesn't actually provide the `openmc.Material` (so I don't think it makes sense to refer to the class name like that). How about:

```
[OpenMCCellMaterialFill](OpenMCCellMaterialFill.md), to set the material filling an OpenMC cell
```

Reviewer 2: For this one, maybe "to set the materials filling each instance of an OpenMC cell"?
